README.md, before:

# WhatsApp Calendar Assistant

A WhatsApp bot that extracts event details from screenshots or images of invitations and creates calendar events with clickable links, allowing users to easily add events to their calendars.

## Features

- 📱 **WhatsApp Integration**: Receive images and send calendar links through WhatsApp
- 🖼️ **Image Processing**: Extract text from images using Google Cloud Vision API
- 📅 **Event Detail Extraction**: Intelligent parsing of dates, times, locations, and event titles
- 📆 **Calendar Integration**: Generate calendar links for multiple platforms
  - iPhone Calendar (using `calshow://` protocol)
  - Google Calendar (optimized for both mobile and desktop)
  - Outlook
  - Yahoo Calendar
- 🔗 **URL Shortening**: Create short, manageable URLs for all calendar links
- 🌐 **Webhook Support**: Integrate with the WhatsApp Business API

## Recent Improvements

### Token Management (April 2025)
- Fixed issues with token handling in the WhatsApp API
- Implemented direct token interception for all Facebook Graph API calls
- Added module-level patching to ensure correct token usage

### Calendar Link Optimization (April 2025)
- Enhanced Google Calendar links to better open in mobile apps
- Added direct iPhone Calendar support via `calshow://` protocol
- Improved link formatting in WhatsApp messages
- Optimized URL formats for all calendar types

### General Enhancements
- Improved error handling and logging
- Better date/time parsing for various invitation formats
- Clearer user instructions in messages

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16+)
- WhatsApp Business API account
- Google Cloud Vision API credentials
- ngrok or similar for exposing localhost (during development)

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file with the following:

```
# Server Config
PORT=3000

# WhatsApp Business API
WHATSAPP_API_TOKEN=your_whatsapp_api_token
WHATSAPP_PHONE_NUMBER_ID=your_phone_number_id
WHATSAPP_VERIFY_TOKEN=your_webhook_verify_token

# Google Cloud credentials
GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=path_to_credentials_file

# URL configuration
BASE_URL=your_public_url

# Other Configuration
NODE_ENV=development
```

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Start the development server: `npm run dev`

## Usage

1. Connect your WhatsApp Business account to the webhook
2. Send a screenshot of an event invitation to your WhatsApp number
3. The bot will extract event details and send back clickable calendar links
4. Tap the calendar link that corresponds to your preferred calendar app

## Webhook Configuration

See the `WHATSAPP-WEBHOOK-SETUP.md` file for detailed instructions on setting up the webhook with Meta's WhatsApp Business API.

## Adding to Your Calendar

The assistant provides links for different calendar types:

- **iPhone users**: Tap the iPhone Calendar link to open directly in your native Calendar app
- **Android/Google Calendar users**: Tap the Google Calendar link to add to Google Calendar

## License

MIT

Commit message:

🎉 Major upgrade: Professional wedding invitation parsing with Twilio integration - Smart OCR, proper case formatting, venue detection, multi-platform calendar links, secure credential handling, production ready

README.md, after:

# WhatsApp Calendar Assistant

A WhatsApp bot that extracts event details from screenshots or images of invitations and creates calendar events with clickable links, allowing users to easily add events to their calendars.

## Features

- 📱 **WhatsApp Integration**: Receive images and send calendar links through WhatsApp
- 🖼️ **Image Processing**: Extract text from images using Google Cloud Vision API
- 📅 **Event Detail Extraction**: Intelligent parsing of dates, times, locations, and event titles
- 📆 **Calendar Integration**: Generate calendar links for multiple platforms
  - iPhone Calendar (using `calshow://` protocol)
  - Google Calendar (optimized for both mobile and desktop)
  - Outlook
  - Yahoo Calendar
- 🔗 **URL Shortening**: Create short, manageable URLs for all calendar links
- 🌐 **Webhook Support**: Integrate with the WhatsApp Business API

## Recent Improvements

### Token Management (April 2025)
- Fixed issues with token handling in the WhatsApp API
- Implemented direct token interception for all Facebook Graph API calls
- Added module-level patching to ensure correct token usage

### Calendar Link Optimization (April 2025)
- Enhanced Google Calendar links to better open in mobile apps
- Added direct iPhone Calendar support via `calshow://` protocol
- Improved link formatting in WhatsApp messages
- Optimized URL formats for all calendar types

### General Enhancements
- Improved error handling and logging
- Better date/time parsing for various invitation formats
- Clearer user instructions in messages

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16+)
- WhatsApp Business API account
- Google Cloud Vision API credentials
- ngrok or similar for exposing localhost (during development)

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file with the following:

```
# Server Config
PORT=3000

# WhatsApp Business API
WHATSAPP_API_TOKEN=your_whatsapp_api_token
WHATSAPP_PHONE_NUMBER_ID=your_phone_number_id
WHATSAPP_VERIFY_TOKEN=your_webhook_verify_token

# Google Cloud credentials
GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=path_to_credentials_file

# URL configuration
BASE_URL=your_public_url

# Other Configuration
NODE_ENV=development
```

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Start the development server: `npm run dev`

## Usage

### How to Use the WhatsApp Calendar Assistant

**WhatsApp Number:** +1 (380) 205-9479  
**Quick Link:** https://wa.me/13802059479  
**Status:** ✅ **LIVE & OPERATIONAL**

1. **Send a Message**: Click the wa.me link above or add +13802059479 to your WhatsApp contacts
2. **Send an Image**: Take a screenshot or photo of any event invitation (wedding invites, conference tickets, party invitations, etc.)
3. **Get Calendar Links**: The bot will automatically extract event details and send you clickable calendar links
4. **Add to Calendar**: Tap the calendar link that corresponds to your preferred calendar app (iPhone Calendar, Google Calendar, Outlook)

### What the Bot Can Extract:
- 📝 Event title and description
- 📅 Date and time information  
- 📍 Location details
- ⏱️ Duration
- 🎫 Event type recognition

### Supported Calendar Formats:
- 📱 iPhone Calendar (native app integration)
- 📊 Google Calendar (mobile & desktop optimized)
- 📧 Outlook Calendar
- 📋 Yahoo Calendar
- 📄 .ics file download

## Webhook Configuration

See the `WHATSAPP-WEBHOOK-SETUP.md` file for detailed instructions on setting up the webhook with Meta's WhatsApp Business API.

## Adding to Your Calendar

The assistant provides links for different calendar types:

- **iPhone users**: Tap the iPhone Calendar link to open directly in your native Calendar app
- **Android/Google Calendar users**: Tap the Google Calendar link to add to Google Calendar

## License

MIT
